(BLOG) Status Update for 2021-03-26 (#208)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2021-03-26-status-update.md

We also managed to fix the persistent firewall issue this week that was causing a couple of issues after long sessions of debugging and added a couple of other minor bug fixes.

In the near future we'll start to change our focus towards more training and education on debugging and using the new workflows with the supported Puppet modules.

## Community Management Revamp

We'd like to thank [Daiana][Daiana] for the wonderful work she did to update the Github Actions nightly report on the [community_management](https://puppetlabs.github.io/community_management/) website:

![comm_mgmt_revamp]({% link /assets/2021-03-26-status-update/comm_mgmt_revamp.png %})

I hope you'll agree that this clean new look makes it easy to quickly get an overview of the state of our modules' CI runs.

Here's a few words from [Daiana][Daiana] about this great work:

> As we promised last week, the Github Actions report from our tool ( CM) is finally up.
> Also, we added more surprises and we're ready for the phase 2 of re-vamping the report.
> [Here](https://github.com/puppetlabs/community_management/pull/64) you can find a big PR which contains the new changes.

## Meet the DevX Team

> A full blog post outlining our remit will be coming soon, but we're excited to announce the start of the DevX Team!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full blog post outlining our remit will be coming soon, but we're excited to announce the start of the newly reformed Developer Experience Team (DevX)!
```

> This is made up of [James Porgran][James], [David Armstrong][DavidArmstrong] and [Ciaran McCrisken][Ciaran].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is made up of [James Pogran][James], [David Armstrong][DavidArmstrong] and [Ciaran McCrisken][Ciaran].
```

> We are focussing on improving the Puppet Developer Experience and one of the products that is going to get significant investment is the [PDK](https://github.com/puppetlabs/pdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DevX team is focused on improving the developer experience across Puppet Products. One of the first areas of focus that is going to get significant time investment is the [PDK](https://github.com/puppetlabs/pdk).
```

It's no secret that the PDK has not had the care and attention that it warrants over the past year and we're looking to rectify that.

> We're trying to keep visibility of our roadmap public in the form of [Github Discussions](https://github.com/puppetlabs/pdk/discussions) in the PDK repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To discuss future feature work for the PDK, we are trying out the new Github Discussion board [here](https://github.com/puppetlabs/pdk/discussions). This replaces the previous RFC workflow of the pdk-planning repo. If you see an open discussion for a feature you would like implemented, please upvote or comment on the discussion.
```
